doc improvement: Amendments and fixes to doc style guide (#9107)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/doc_styleguide.rst

Hyperlinks
----------

> **External**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
External
^^^^^
```

All external links must be defined in the :file:`links.txt` file.
Do not define them directly in the RST file.
This creates one location for validating links, making it easier to update broken links.

Define each link only once in :file:`links.txt`.
If you are adding a new link, make sure it has not already been added.

To use the link, use ```link text`_``.
If you want to change the link text, you can override it with the following syntax: ```new link text <original link text_>`_``.

If you need to use several different link texts for the same link, you can add more default link texts in the :file:`links.txt` file, for example::

   .. _`nRF Programmer`:
   .. _`nRF Programmer mobile app`: https://www.nordicsemi.com/Products/Development-tools/nrf-programmer

> **Internal**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internal links
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

Hyperlinks
----------

**External**:

All external links must be defined in the :file:`links.txt` file.
Do not define them directly in the RST file.
This creates one location for validating links, making it easier to update broken links.

Define each link only once in :file:`links.txt`.
If you are adding a new link, make sure it has not already been added.

> If the link text that is defined in :file:`links.txt` does not fit in the context where the link will be used, you can override with the following syntax: ```new link text <original link text_>`_``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

If the link text that is defined in :file:`links.txt` does not fit in the context where the link will be used, you can override the text with the following syntax: ```new link text <original link text_>`_``.
```
I though adding an empty line might help since we're not talking about using this syntax in the `links.txt` file. Could probably use further clarification.

Also, "override" needs an object.

> It is also possible to define more than one default link text for a link, which can be useful if you frequently need a different link text.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you need to frequently use multiple link texts for the same link, you can add more default link texts.
```

Kconfig
-------

> To link to the Kconfig options from RST, use the ``:kconfig:option:`` domain::

Reviewer 2: Do we use the term "domain" for this anywhere else?

General documentation guidelines
================================

* Always use full sentences, except for descriptions for variables, structs, and enums, where sentence fragments with no verb are accepted, and always end everything with period.
* Everything that is documented must belong to a group (see below).
* Use capitalization sparingly. When in doubt, use lowercase.
* Line breaks: In doxygen, break after 80 characters (following the dev guidelines). In RST, break after each sentence.
* Use ``@note`` only in the details section, and only when really needed for emphasis.
* Use ``@warning`` only if an operating procedure or practice, which, if not correctly followed, could result in personal injury or loss of life.

File headers and groups
=======================

* ``@file`` element is always required at the start of a file.
* ``@brief`` is not needed for ``@file``.
* ``@defgroup`` or ``@addgroup`` usually follows ``@file``.
  You can divide a file into several groups.

> * ``@{`` must open the group, ``@}`` must close it.

Reviewer 2: Would this be better as a sub-bullet?

General documentation guidelines
================================

> * Always use full sentences, except for descriptions for variables, structs, and enums, where sentence fragments with no verb are accepted, and always end everything with period.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Always use full sentences, and always end everything with a period.
  * *Exception:* Sentence fragments are acceptable for descriptions of variables, structs, and enums.
```

* Everything that is documented must belong to a group (see below).
* Use capitalization sparingly. When in doubt, use lowercase.
* Line breaks: In doxygen, break after 80 characters (following the dev guidelines). In RST, break after each sentence.
* Use ``@note`` only in the details section, and only when really needed for emphasis.
* Use ``@warning`` only if an operating procedure or practice, which, if not correctly followed, could result in personal injury or loss of life.

File headers and groups
=======================

* ``@file`` element is always required at the start of a file.
* ``@brief`` is not needed for ``@file``.
* ``@defgroup`` or ``@addgroup`` usually follows ``@file``.
  You can divide a file into several groups.

  * ``@{`` must open the group, ``@}`` must close it.
* Add ``@brief`` for every defgroup.

> * ``@details`` is optional within the defgroup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * ``@details`` is optional within the defgroup.
```

General documentation guidelines
================================

> * Always use full sentences, and always end everything with period.
> 
>   * *Exception:* Sentence fragments are acceptable for descriptions of variables, structs, and enums.
> * Everything that is documented must belong to a group (see below).
> * Use capitalization sparingly. When in doubt, use lowercase.
> * Line breaks: In doxygen, break after 80 characters (following the dev guidelines). In RST, break after each sentence.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Always write full sentences, and end them with a period.

  * *Exception:* Sentence fragments are acceptable for descriptions of variables, structs, and enums.
* Ensure that all documented items belong to a correct group (see the section below).
* Use capitalization sparingly. 
   When in doubt, use lowercase.
* Follow the line breaking rules: 
  * In Doxygen, break a line after 80 characters (following the dev guidelines).
  * In RST, break a line after each sentence.
```

> General documentation guidelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
General documentation |gl|
```

================================

* Always write full sentences, and end them with a period.

  * *Exception:* Sentence fragments are acceptable for descriptions of variables, structs, and enums.
* Ensure that all documented items belong to a correct group (see the section below).
* Use capitalization sparingly.
  When in doubt, use lowercase.
* Follow the line breaking rules:

  * In doxygen, break the line after 80 characters (following the dev guidelines).

>   * In RST, break the line after each sentence.

Reviewer: As we are in the Doxygen section, shoudn't this line be moved to RST part? Is this information relevant for Doxygen users?

Author: Very good point. Will move this out.

Functions
=========

* Do not use ``@fn``. Instead, document each function where it is defined.
* ``@brief`` is mandatory.

   * Start the brief with the imperative form (for example "do something").

     .. code-block:: none

        /** @brief Request a read operation to be executed from Secure Firmware.

        /** @brief Send Boot Keyboard Input Report.

* ``@details`` is optional.

>    Alternatively, you can leave a blank line after ``@brief``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   You can introduce the additional information using ``@details`` or by leaving a blank line after ``@brief``.
```
Not happy with the wording. Could maybe be folded more neatly into the previous line?

Functions
=========

* Do not use ``@fn``. Instead, document each function where it is defined.
* ``@brief`` is mandatory.

   * Start the brief with the imperative form (for example "do something").

     .. code-block:: none

        /** @brief Request a read operation to be executed from Secure Firmware.

        /** @brief Send Boot Keyboard Input Report.

> * ``@details`` is optional.
>    You can introduce the additional information using ``@details`` or a blank line after ``@brief``.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* ``@details`` is optional.
  You can introduce the additional information using ``@details`` or a blank line after ``@brief``.
```

Functions
=========

* Do not use ``@fn``. Instead, document each function where it is defined.
* ``@brief`` is mandatory.

  * Start the brief with the imperative form (for example "do something").

    .. code-block:: none

       /** @brief Request a read operation to be executed from Secure Firmware.

       /** @brief Send Boot Keyboard Input Report.

* ``@details`` is optional.
  You can introduce the additional information using ``@details`` or a blank line after ``@brief``.
* Use ``@param`` for every parameter.

  * Always add a parameter description.

>     Use a sentence fragment (no verb) with period at the end.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Use a sentence fragment (no verb) with a period at the end.
```

Functions
=========

* Do not use ``@fn``. Instead, document each function where it is defined.
* ``@brief`` is mandatory.

  * Start the brief with the imperative form (for example "do something").

    .. code-block:: none

       /** @brief Request a read operation to be executed from Secure Firmware.

       /** @brief Send Boot Keyboard Input Report.

* ``@details`` is optional.
  You can introduce the additional information using ``@details`` or a blank line after ``@brief``.
* Use ``@param`` for every parameter.

  * Always add a parameter description.
    Use a sentence fragment (no verb) with a period at the end.
  * Make sure the parameter documentation within the function is consistently using the parameter type: ``[in]``, ``[out]``, or ``[in,out]``.

    .. code-block:: none

       * @param[out] destination Pointer to destination array where the content is
       *                         to be copied.
       * @param[in]  addr        Address to be copied from.
       * @param[in]  len         Number of bytes to copy.

* If you include more than one ``@sa`` ("see also", optional), add them like this::

      @sa first_function
      @sa second_function

> * Do not use ``@returns``, use ``@return`` or ``@retval`` instead.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Use ``@return`` or ``@retval`` instead of ``@returns``.
```

* ``@brief`` is mandatory.

  * Start the brief with the imperative form (for example "do something").

    .. code-block:: none

       /** @brief Request a read operation to be executed from Secure Firmware.

       /** @brief Send Boot Keyboard Input Report.

* ``@details`` is optional.
  You can introduce the additional information using ``@details`` or a blank line after ``@brief``.
* Use ``@param`` for every parameter.

  * Always add a parameter description.
    Use a sentence fragment (no verb) with a period at the end.
  * Make sure the parameter documentation within the function is consistently using the parameter type: ``[in]``, ``[out]``, or ``[in,out]``.

    .. code-block:: none

       * @param[out] destination Pointer to destination array where the content is
       *                         to be copied.
       * @param[in]  addr        Address to be copied from.
       * @param[in]  len         Number of bytes to copy.

* If you include more than one ``@sa`` ("see also", optional), add them like this::

      @sa first_function
      @sa second_function

* Use ``@return`` or ``@retval`` instead of ``@returns``.

>   * `` Use ``@return`` to describe a generic return value without a specific value (for example, ``@return The length of ...``, ``@return The handle``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Use ``@return`` to describe a generic return value without a specific value (for example, ``@return The length of ...``, ``@return The handle``).
```

Author: Oh boy, what a funny mistake. I must have been half-sleeping.

        * @param[in]  addr        Address to be copied from.
        * @param[in]  len         Number of bytes to copy.

#. If you include more than one ``@sa`` ("see also", optional), add them like this::

      @sa first_function
      @sa second_function

#. Do not use ``@returns``, use ``@return`` or ``@retval`` instead.

   * `` Use @return`` to describe a generic return value without a specific value (for example, ``@return The length of ...``, ``@return The handle``).

>      Usually, there only one return value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     Usually, there is only one return value.
```

        * @param[in]  addr        Address to be copied from.
        * @param[in]  len         Number of bytes to copy.

> #. If you include more than one ``@sa`` ("see also", optional), add them like this::

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* If you include more than one ``@sa`` ("see also", optional), add them like this::
```

      @sa first_function
      @sa second_function

> #. Do not use ``@returns``, use ``@return`` or ``@retval`` instead.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Do not use ``@returns``, use ``@return`` or ``@retval`` instead.
```

>    * `` Use @return`` to describe a generic return value without a specific value (for example, ``@return The length of ...``, ``@return The handle``).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   *  Use ``@return`` to describe a generic return value without a specific value (for example, ``@return The length of ...``, ``@return The handle``).
```
